Baby
Although mom has been unable to stay by your side
But I still don't want to be too far away from you.
So I'm not going to stay abroad.
Will not die
Jasmine
Come here.
Finger.
foot
I sit.
Don't come here again
Don't force me to meet again
Come here again.
I'll kill myself and show you
You put the knife down first
You will find out about your pregnancy sooner or later when you return home.
I don't know how many people there will be
Will harm you and your child
I let you go to Switzerland
It's for the safety of you and your children
Is it safe abroad?
You were in danger yesterday
A person's lonely self
I have already died.
I don't want to stay abroad anymore.
Ok I'll take you
Promise so simply
It's not just to coax me
I mean what I say.
So give me the knife
This kind of thing must not happen again in the future
It's all because of you
Mo Li
Azhi
I didn't expect you to come to Joanne in such a mess
It seems that he is quite important to you
I have always cherished talent
Qiao Ann is a designer that our company focuses on training.
He was in trouble yesterday.
But my epidemic is solved
Are you sure Joanne is alright?
OK
Thanks.
If it weren't for you yesterday, I would have slept on the street
We are friends and should help each other
Have any questions?
You can ask me for help
It's getting late.
Go quickly
Ah, after returning home, I will cook and invite you to dinner myself
As emotion
Be careful, cat